And So Ends the Great Experiment…
Published on October 16, 2007.
That’s right, after about two months of doing the quarter scavenging thing, I’ve caved in.
I got $20 worth of quarters from the bank.
For the past three weeks or so, I’ve been short on quarters, which is really inconvenient when I need to do laundry in a hurry.
I had this ideal image in my head of me getting just enough quarters to do laundry per week.
And I coveted quarters.
I searched far and wide for quarters.
I dreamt of quarters.
Keeping them in my special Mario Bros.
? bank , I waited until laundry day, then punched the bottom of the bank until the quartery goodness came out. Or not.
Anyway, I’m really just stalling so I don’t have to do my homework for Networks, but I guess I better.
So let’s publish this post, shall we?